changefeed: add tips for Private Connect to Kafka SaaS services (#19945)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/changefeed-sink-to-apache-kafka.md

Private Connect leverages **Private Link** or **Private Service Connect** technologies from cloud providers to enable resources in your VPC to connect to services in other VPCs using private IP addresses, as if those services were hosted directly within your VPC.

> Currently, TiDB Cloud supports Private Connect for self-hosted Kafka only. It does not support direct integration with MSK, Confluent Kafka, or other Kafka SaaS services. If you want to Private Connect to these Kafka SaaS services, you can deploy a [kafka-proxy](https://github.com/grepplabs/kafka-proxy) at the middle to work as a self-hosted Kafka. For more example, please refer to [Set up self-hosted Kafka Private Service Connect by Kafka-proxy in Google Cloud](/tidb-cloud/setup-self-hosted-kafka-private-service-connect.md#set-up-self-hosted-kafka-private-service-connect-by-kafka-proxy). The setup is similar for all the Kafka SaaS services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiDB Cloud currently supports Private Connect only for self-hosted Kafka. It does not support direct integration with MSK, Confluent Kafka, or other Kafka SaaS services. To connect to these Kafka SaaS services via Private Connect, deploy a [kafka-proxy](https://github.com/grepplabs/kafka-proxy) as an intermediary, effectively treating the service as self-hosted Kafka. For an example, refer to [Set up self-hosted Kafka Private Service Connect by Kafka-proxy in Google Cloud](/tidb-cloud/setup-self-hosted-kafka-private-service-connect.md#set-up-self-hosted-kafka-private-service-connect-by-kafka-proxy). This setup is similar across all Kafka SaaS services.
```

> TiDB Cloud currently supports Private Connect only for self-hosted Kafka. It does not support direct integration with MSK, Confluent Kafka, or other Kafka SaaS services. To connect to these Kafka SaaS services via Private Connect, deploy a [kafka-proxy](https://github.com/grepplabs/kafka-proxy) as an intermediary, effectively treating the service as self-hosted Kafka. For an example, refer to [Set up self-hosted Kafka Private Service Connect by Kafka-proxy in Google Cloud](/tidb-cloud/setup-self-hosted-kafka-private-service-connect.md#set-up-self-hosted-kafka-private-service-connect-by-kafka-proxy). This setup is similar across all Kafka SaaS services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiDB Cloud currently supports Private Connect only for self-hosted Kafka. It does not support direct integration with MSK, Confluent Kafka, or other Kafka SaaS services. To connect to these Kafka SaaS services via Private Connect, you can deploy a [kafka-proxy](https://github.com/grepplabs/kafka-proxy) as an intermediary, effectively treating the service as self-hosted Kafka. For an example, refer to [Set up self-hosted Kafka Private Service Connect by Kafka-proxy in Google Cloud](/tidb-cloud/setup-self-hosted-kafka-private-service-connect.md#set-up-self-hosted-kafka-private-service-connect-by-kafka-proxy). This setup is similar across all Kafka SaaS services.
```

> TiDB Cloud currently supports Private Connect only for self-hosted Kafka. It does not support direct integration with MSK, Confluent Kafka, or other Kafka SaaS services. To connect to these Kafka SaaS services via Private Connect, you can deploy a [kafka-proxy](https://github.com/grepplabs/kafka-proxy) as an intermediary, effectively treating the service as self-hosted Kafka. For an example, refer to [Set up self-hosted Kafka Private Service Connect by Kafka-proxy in Google Cloud](/tidb-cloud/setup-self-hosted-kafka-private-service-connect.md#set-up-self-hosted-kafka-private-service-connect-by-kafka-proxy). This setup is similar across all Kafka SaaS services.

Author: ```suggestion
TiDB Cloud currently supports Private Connect only for self-hosted Kafka. It does not support direct integration with MSK, Confluent Kafka, or other Kafka SaaS services. To connect to these Kafka SaaS services via Private Connect, you can deploy a [kafka-proxy](https://github.com/grepplabs/kafka-proxy) as an intermediary, effectively exposing the Kafka service as self-hosted Kafka. For an example, refer to [Set up self-hosted Kafka Private Service Connect by Kafka-proxy in Google Cloud](/tidb-cloud/setup-self-hosted-kafka-private-service-connect.md#set-up-self-hosted-kafka-private-service-connect-by-kafka-proxy). This setup is similar across all Kafka SaaS services.
```

> TiDB Cloud currently supports Private Connect only for self-hosted Kafka. It does not support direct integration with MSK, Confluent Kafka, or other Kafka SaaS services. To connect to these Kafka SaaS services via Private Connect, you can deploy a [kafka-proxy](https://github.com/grepplabs/kafka-proxy) as an intermediary, effectively exposing the Kafka service as self-hosted Kafka. For an example, refer to [Set up self-hosted Kafka Private Service Connect by Kafka-proxy in Google Cloud](/tidb-cloud/setup-self-hosted-kafka-private-service-connect.md#set-up-self-hosted-kafka-private-service-connect-by-kafka-proxy). This setup is similar across all Kafka SaaS services.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
TiDB Cloud currently supports Private Connect only for self-hosted Kafka. It does not support direct integration with MSK, Confluent Kafka, or other Kafka SaaS services. To connect to these Kafka SaaS services via Private Connect, you can deploy a [kafka-proxy](https://github.com/grepplabs/kafka-proxy) as an intermediary, effectively exposing the Kafka service as self-hosted Kafka. For a detailed example, see [Set up self-hosted Kafka Private Service Connect by Kafka-proxy in Google Cloud](/tidb-cloud/setup-self-hosted-kafka-private-service-connect.md#set-up-self-hosted-kafka-private-service-connect-by-kafka-proxy). This setup is similar across all Kafka SaaS services.
```
